Our Pipeline
Our goal is to develop a focused portfolio of aesthetic dermatology product candidates targeting high-prevalence dermatologic conditions, with potential selective development of medical dermatology product candidates. We are advancing our lead product candidate, VDPHL01, in clinical trials as depicted below.

            Study 302                  Phase 3 registration-directed study in males
                                       Parallel in-trial Phase 2 component to further assess patient reported outcome
Phase 2/3 trial evaluating VDPHLO1     (PRO) endpoints in Studies 302 & 304
 in males with pattern hair loss       Fully enrolled with 6-month topline Phase 2/3 readout anticipated in H1 2026

       Study 304                  Confirmatory Phase 3 registration-directed study in males
Phase 3 trial evaluating VDPHL01     Fully enrolled with 6-month topline Phase 3 readout anticipated in H2 2026
 in males with pattern hair loss

        Study 306                  Phase 3 registration-directed study in females
                                   Parallel in-trial Phase 2 component to further assess PR0 endpoints in the Phase 3
Phase 2/3 trial evaluating VDPHLO1     portion of the study.
in females with pattern hair loss      Study is actively enrolling

Additional Pipeline Assets
Beyond VDPHL01, we have created a portfolio utilizing our real-world experience as dermatologists to generate compelling pipeline assets. We are not currently advancing these other assets but we maintain worldwide rights and may choose to advance them in the future, subject to the availability of additional capital and strategic priorities or we may evaluate strategic collaborations to maximize the value of these other assets.

• VDMN: VDMN is a novel, injection-free product candidate for the treatment of common warts in the form of a dissolvable microarray patch that incorporates candida antigen extract. The patch contains an FDA-approved immunologic diagnostic (skin test) that has also been used off-label address treatment-resistant warts for decades and we believe is a patient-friendly approach.
• VDAA: VDAA is our once-monthly proprietary topical formulation of squaric acid dibutyl ester, a locally acting treatment for AA, a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by an attack on hair follicle by immune T-Cells that leads to the cessation of hair production. VDAA is a single-use applicator designed to deliver a topical treatment for AA and has the potential to become the first FDA-approved topical therapy, positioning it as a potential first-line option for patients with mild-to-moderate disease.
• VDMC: VDMC is a novel, direct acting topical antiviral gel for the treatment of molluscum contagiosum, or MC, a viral skin infection. VDMC is designed to directly target a key, virus-specific protein that mediates viral replication.
